https://codepen.io/alxfrometa/pen/eYvJOPY?editors=1000


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            A way of writing HTML code that is more easily readable and uses words that would make sense from our language
    2. What is HTML used for? 
            It provides the items that will populate the web page and organizes them into sections
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
            It provides further detail for certain tags. It should go within the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            Used for the title of a page and should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            img & a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            things that are not going to be displayed on the web page
    7. What is an id? 
            a non-reusable name assigned to a tag that can be called back on
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
            1
    10. What is a class? 
            a reusable name assigned to a tag that can be called back on
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            unlimited uses
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            The anchor tag with the href attribute set to the URL of the page you want to link to
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            text to say what the image was supposed to be
    15. How do I reference an id?
            #the_id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            section is more semantically clear
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            to form all of the components from HTML in a more presentable way
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            The main difference between them is that one id can only be assigned once while class has unlimited uses.
            You would use a class on elements you plan to use multiple times and style the same way while id would be better for an individual element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            .the_class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
            .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            when selecting elements inside of elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            CSS selectors with a colon preceeding them like a:hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div{border:dotted black 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /*  this is how  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            look at the line above, it should say
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm 'filename'
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            it shows all changes made to each version so it is easily editable
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            after every significant change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin 'branch-name'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
            fork, cd into the file you'd like the forked repo to clone into,  clone, cd into newly cloned repo, use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' for your own branch name,
            code . to open project, work on assignment, git add ., git commit -m "descriptive message", git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname', create a pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?